you just hold this far outweigh your God
you got to be in front one hand and then
you just tap it to steer it tutorials
free tutorial so hand goes in French he
had that confidence call this is the key
I'm calling it right now that can't
touch that off where you already failed
all right hold on finishing there ladies
just tap it on the back now walk forward
confidence leaving yourself oh oh I got
it hold on come on then you got a
chapter steering but you have the gist
of it right yeah everybody think it's
definitely not yeah that's what practice
makes perfect
and a good thing we're in Australia is
turning yeah you're always trying to
flog that's right all you should I get
the care of a face yourself ah gotta tap
it let me show you one more time when
we're seven hey I'm happy we're around
Lily right now alright so watch
times workers in the water so I'm
keeping track work it you got this girl
you got us
I got you guys placing them viewing Ryan
yep it's gently captain it just look at
this circle about
you got tap it so start walking around
too right now
they sound this tapping yeah get the
anticipate the new thing all you're
doing better
surprise working about right this wall
back the last year on Parker was filming
yeah forgot that we were on the dock and
he fell off at the camera everything as
he's falling he throws the camera
forward that's small land right there
that's scar save the camera save the
camera he was soaking wet
that's smart although the shot though as
we know well that's not easy
yeah I can't hold it they should teach
them how to walk is on auto shows hello
the vlog well basically it's not that
hard guys I mean it's a lot of math so
you're using an STD is that you're using
yeah or you can use have their phone
right and we're letting the experts in
teaching so so basically you want to
hold it like this and then the trick is
is still holding
smooth but that's a shirt to get your
face on that chakra it's no cotton
please nigga cuz you can hold it this
way
yeah the chicken likes inexperienced
people will hold it like this I never
knew that yes and now you know so it's
about flipping the camera the right yeah
whoa whoa whoa
seen India Superman trend okay it's a
nobleman trend learn something new every
day with Ryan Higa it was a heavier than
expected I'm kinda impressed with what
you're doing right now because I thought
it was a lot easier but I can't I keep
trying to talk to you so that you might
bump into something that you're like
really good how are you seeing behind
you right now you have eyes in your butt
that's crazy
you